I'm trying to explain this to you and the best way I can so on the website the way it currently works is we have. A Community Feed page that has a feature content section rehab host Community Feed. We're not touching any of that Community fees should not be touched be her post should not be touched feature content should not be touched. The entire Community page should not be touched on the left sidebar. There are options for separate pages that are completely different pages. There's spotlights interviews tips and guides industry news trending events post reports and lists. When you click each of these on that left sideboard sidebar, they open up entirely separate pages on the website. So these have their own hyperlinks to pages that are their own completely different pages. The first one on the list is called spotlights. When you click spotlights, your address bar goes to a page that says the address we go to with spotlights at the end. On separate page right now. There's nothing there. It says no spotlights match your current filters. No spotlights found when I go to interviews though, the second page underneath spotlights their mock interviews here that exist and I want to use these because they have a formatting that I need right now.so I have no idea why you're trying to go to create Post in order to create a spotlight spotlights are going to be basically how people spotlight certain creators Brands certain tools certain systems certain software certain immersive economy creators certain designers and virtual world certain games that I want to have Spotlight articles where I basically just spot like them and you know what Creator Spotlight is so this isn't something that you would be making right now. I don't even know if we have the website set up currently to be able to create a spotlight. I wanted you to do it the same way you did the ones for the interviews or you made some sample articles for industry news as well. Basically, all those side Pages need sample articles. particularly spotlights tips and guides needs actual sample tips and guides industry news and trending events Those needs sample like basically articles, but right you I think you're mistaken. Those should have nothing to do with the community fee section. Those are not though. That should not be linked to the actual Community Theater the threads those are completely separate pages. So if you're seeing those and somehow pulling from the community feed you're doing it wrong the Community Feed and those pages are very separate features on the website that are not linked.