For the community feed, first of all, I can't see images on the posts that are on the community feed section. There should be images on these. Secondly, when I click the card for the thread posts, for example, New VRC World Cyberpunk Coffee Shop, the article that it opens up or the full post page that opens up when I click it, it's when I click it, it's supposed to open up a full page for each thread post that allows users to comment and actually have a thread. When I click that, the title doesn't match the actual title of the thread. So these are not correlating to the full threads that they open up, if that makes sense. For example, the thread post that says Free Unity Assets Pack Medieval Fantasy Collection by Chris Wilson, when I click that, that opens a Vhub data post, data analysis, what's your preferred platform for virtual world creation. They're not right. So you need to maybe delete and start over or edit these or fix this, whatever is the best method to get this clean and under control, because right now they're not working and we have to get this right.Right now, this is the MVP for my website. So, we can have the actual posts that are mock posts there, but we need to make sure the logic works because eventually I am going to connect this to a database and I would need the logic to work with actual posts that we create. For example, that first post that's on the page under the community feed, how do I learn the sims? It's a post that I made myself and it did post to the community feed. When I click that post, it says post not found. So, we have to make sure that the community feed logic actually works and that this MVP is functional. Because this is an MVP, although we have mock posts on here, we don't need fake likes, saves, and comments as well because we want to make sure that the system works. So, as long as it's functional, it's good. Functional, it's good. But please read this thoroughly, make a list, check it twice, and go through and make sure that all of these issues that we're having are fixed, please.